Add server webhooks populateRelations config variable (#1430)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/update-migration-guides/migration-guides/v4/migration-guide-4.5.1-to-4.6.1.md

---

# v4.5.1 to v4.6.1 migration guide

The Strapi v4.5.1 to v4.6.1 migration guide upgrades v4.5.1 to v4.6.1. We introduced a configuration for webhooks to receive populated relations. The migration guide consists of:

- Upgrading the application dependencies
- Changing the webhooks configuration (optional)
- Reinitializing the application

## Upgrading the application dependencies to 4.6.1

:::prerequisites
Stop the server before starting the upgrade.
:::

1. Upgrade all of the Strapi packages in `package.json` to `4.6.1`:

   ```json
   // path: package.json

   {
     // ...
     "dependencies": {
       "@strapi/strapi": "4.6.1",
       "@strapi/plugin-users-permissions": "4.6.1",
       "@strapi/plugin-i18n": "4.6.1"
       // ...
     }
   }
   ```

2. Save the edited `package.json` file.

3. Run either `yarn` or `npm install` to install the new version.

::: tip
If the operation doesn't work, try removing your `yarn.lock` or `package-lock.json`. If that doesn't help, remove the `node_modules` folder as well and try again.
:::

## Changing the webhooks configuration (optional)

> By default, and for backwards compatibility reasons, webhooks will receive the populated relations. We do recommend to disable this behavior if you don't need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, and for backward compatibility reasons, webhooks will receive the entity with its relations populated again. We do recommend to disable this behavior if you were not using it, as it may cause performance issues when having many relations. If you need populated relations in your webhook, we recommend doing a separate query in your webhook listenner to fetch the entity only with the necessary data.
```

Reviewer: It is something we can put in the doc also ? Like a hint or else

> If you want to change this behavior, you can do so by editing the `./config/server.js` file (or `/config/server.ts` if you are using TypeScript) and add the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change this behavior, you can do so by editing the `./config/server.js` file (or `./config/server.ts` if you are using TypeScript) and add the following configuration:
```

```jsx
'use strict';

module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  host: env('HOST', '0.0.0.0'),
  port: env.int('PORT', 1337),
  url: 'http://localhost:1337',
  webhooks: {

>     // <--- Add this to not receive populated relations in webhooks

Reviewer: Is the arrow at the right place? :p

Author: It's moved by the linter I think :/ I can move it

    populateRelations: false,
  },
});
```

> With this, you will no longer receive populated relations in webhooks, and **response times on the Content Manager will be faster**.

Reviewer: I would say
```suggestion
With this, you will no longer receive populated relations in webhooks, and **responses on the Content Manager will be faster**.
```
or

```suggestion
With this, you will no longer receive populated relations in webhooks, and **response times on the Content Manager will be shorter**.
```
